hi guys so hanging out here on the set
of something that I didn't actually even
know what I was shooting until I showed
up Brett is Mary likes just like what
about a costume sort of nurse and then I
thought I was you breaking a TV but
there's no TV rig yeah we got her in
with you you're gonna break a TV and
then we're like oh but you have this
outfit sexy nurse out but you should
wear it so this is why this is why we
chose not to break a TV just in case you
were curious breaking the TV counting me
a so yeah I'm excited
this camera is massive
that's Fred he's the DP today
there philip defranco you so much good
job I didn't know what I was signing up
for but well I already signed up so it's
done so when do I close to go live this
guy Tony that's the way this guy edits
he's gonna know he's literally gonna be
looking at a side either way it's
correct peace out
survive